# CS-340-Portfolio

#### How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?

##### I believe the best way to write programs is to imagine yourself as someone else reading your code for the first time. You want to make the code easy to follow by segmenting functionalities and annotating as much as possible. As a relatively newew coder myself, working with partially completed code that is organized nicely has made it much easier for me to understand what needs to be done. At first, I was a bit intimidated when starting Project One because of the amount of requirements I needed to complete, but when I realized I was working with existing code and needed to basically fill in the blanks, things made more sense to me and I could organize my thought process much better than if I needed to start from scratch.

#### How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?

##### My process when approaching a problem is to break the probelm down into smaller pieces. While this can initially feel like you are creating more work for yourself, it actually makes solving problems much easier. I think the biggest challenge is being able to make enough time for yourself to work through the entire problem because you don't always know how much you will need to break a problem down. I have learned from previous course work that this really is the best way to get through projects and assignments.

#### What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?

##### Computer scientists excel at using technology to solve problems. The range of skills that computer scientists gain throughout their coursework and career make them a valuable asset in any situation the requires a problem to be solved. This can be in the form of coding, building computer networks, maintaining hardware, creating software to make everyday tasks easier, etc. Being able to think analytically about how to solve complex problems is what computer scientists are particularly good at doing.
